The art of decking
 CRUISE
 The art of decking
 Booster Blog
 THE ART OF DECKING
 It's all about experience 
 Turning dreams into reality is something that gets us particularly excited here at Bolidt. In fact, we'd go as far to say that it's the fuel that keeps us driving forward. Imagination can lead to endless possibilities in design, and through effective collaborations, these designs can be manifested. This article will explore some of the epic designs that have come out of such collaborations.
 Mein Schiff 6 
 Mein Schiff 6 is a cruise ship from TUI
, which shows off some extraordinary features. Once again breaking the norm at sea, Mein Schiff 6 is home to over 5,700 pieces of art. Paintings, sculptures, installations, photographs and graffiti create a theme that can be seen throughout the whole ship, in the cabins as well as public areas.
 A central highlight of the ship is a collaboration between Bolidt and Polish, Hamburg-based artist 1010
. On the fourth deck, a mesmerizing mural can be seen immersing visitors in artistic experience. The mural achieved a fluid appearance that was only possible with the epoxy on-site application of Bolidt. When synthetics are combined with creative minds, the results are stunning.
 Texelstroom 
 The ferry Texelstroom
 was a particularly challenging and rewarding project that tested the versatility of Bolidt flooring. Naval architects C-Job
 and design studio Vripack
 came together to create this fascinating design. The aim was to bring the &lsquo;island experience' on board the ship. 
 Vripack wanted a floor that would resemble running water and sand throughout the whole ship, as well as a colour scheme that mirrored the effect of water on sand. The lower in the ship, the darker the sand, and the higher in the ship, the lighter it gets. This was made possible with the versatility in design that Bolidt can offer. To be specific, Bolideck &reg; Fifty Fifty
 was used to realise the concept, with two contrasting, closely related colours. To recreate the wet and dry sands, shades of dark and light brown were mixed and set into the floor.
 Disney Dream 
 The unique freedom in colour and design that Bolidt offers allowed for an art piece that merged into the deck. The mural can be seen immersing visitors in artistic experience. The mural achieved a fluid appearance that was only possible with the epoxy on-site application of Bolidt. When synthetics are combined with creative minds, the results are stunning. Art is one way in which the passenger can be engaged on a different level, broadening the cruise experience.
 Stel een vraag 
 &times; 
 Stel een vraag
 Ja, ik ben geïnteresseerd in:
 The art of decking 
 Bolidt produkten in het algemeen 
 Neem contact met mij op
 Dhr. Mw. 
 Achternaam * 
 Voorvoegsel 
 Voorletters * 
 Ik ben geïnteresseerd in * 
 Industrie Farmaceutische industrie
 Zware industrie en metaalindustrie
 Elektronica en hightech
 (Petro)chemie
 Grafische / papierindustrie
 Auto-industrie
 Garagebedrijven
 Voedsel Vleesverwerkende industrie
 Pluimvee industrie
 Visverwerkende industrie
 Bakkerijen/zoetwaren
 Zuivel
 AGF
 Catering/grootkeuken
 (Fris)drankindustrie
 Openbare gebouwen Zorg
 Onderwijs
 Kantoren
 Laboratoria
 Parkeergarages
 Stations en perrons
 Theaters, musea
 Distributiecentra en winkelbedrijven
 Gevangenissen
 Civil-Rail-Infra Bruggen en viaducten
 Spoor- en kraanbanen
 Wegen, startbanen en platforms
 Sport Outdoorsport
 Indoorsport
 Maritiem Cruiseschepen
 Riviercruiseschepen
 Marine
 Ferries
 Superjachten
 Veetransport
 Visserij
 Offshore
 Sleep- en werkboten
 Telefoonnummer * 
 E-mailadres * 
 Bericht 
 Ja, ik wil de nieuwsbrief ontvangen. 
 Voor een vlotte opvolging van uw vraag, kunt u aangeven of de aanvraag maritiem gerelateerd is? * 
 Ja Nee 
 *) Wij hechten belang aan uw privacy, wij gaan uiterst zorgvuldig met uw persoonsgegevens om en verstrekken uw gegevens niet aan derden. Door op de verzendbutton te klikken, gaat u akkoord dat Bolidt uw persoonsgegevens verzamelt en verwerkt. Hoe wij dit precies doen kunt u nalezen in onze Privacy- en Cookieverklaring
.
 Latest news & inspiration
 Actueel 
 HOW TO BUILD IT: De kracht van geïntegreerd denken 
 Actueel 
 Transcend Connect: vernieuwend river cruising, tot in het dek 
 Bolidt Booster 
 Food for experience 
 Actueel 
 Bolidt volop in uitvoering voor nieuw cruiseseizoen 
 Actueel 
 Hoe blijft Bolidt vernieuwen voor de toekomst? 
 Bolidt Booster 
 Het belang van hygiëne in de pluimvee-industrie 
 Bolidt Booster 
 Het belang van hygiëne in de visverwerkende industrie 
 Bolidt Booster 
 Uitdagende tijd voor seafoodindustrie biedt ook kansen 
 Bekijk alle berichten
 “ 
 Get inspired, read about the latest innovations and keep your creativity up to date.
 BOLIDT BOOSTER 
 ”