https://kooimanmarinegroup.nl/kooimanmarinegroup.nl/Samenwerking-Fugro-en-Van-Oossanen-124.html
Portfolio
 Werkschepen
 Visserijschepen
 Duwboten
 Dredging
 Binnenvaartschepen
 Sleepboten
 Veerponten
 Patrouille vaartuigen
 Interieurprojecten
 Producten
 Werkschepen
 Dredging
 Sleepboten
 Duwboten
 Binnenvaartschepen
 Visserijschepen
 Veerponten
 Patrouille vaartuigen
 Haveninrichtingen
 LNG Installaties
 Ballastwater behandeling
 Werktuigen
 Schroefasafdichting
 SCR Installaties
 HVAC
 Elektrotechniek
 Scheepsinterieurbouw
 Pijpfitterij
 Machinefabriek
 Marine Diagnostics
 Scheepsbouw
 Engineering - Maritiem ontwerp
 Scheepsverbouw en conversies
 Scheepsnieuwbouw
 Scheepsreparatie en onderhoud
 Scheeps, sectiebouw en constructiewerk
 Actualiteit
 Over ons
 Geschiedenis
 Missie en visie
 Structuur
 Carriere
 Scheepswerf Gebr. Kooiman
 Scheepswerf Kooiman Hoebee
 Scheepswerf Kooiman Van Os
 Kooiman Engineering
 Kooiman Scheepselektro
 Kooiman Scheepsinterieurbouw
 Duurzaamheid
 Contact
 Samenwerking Fugro, Kooiman en Van Oossanen
 Kooiman Marine Group heeft samen met Van Oossanen Naval Architects een contract getekend met Fugro en zal verantwoordelijk zijn voor het scheepsontwerp van de Blue Prism&trade;, Fugro's volgende generatie onbemande oppervlakteschepen (USV's). Lees het volledige persbericht (Engels).
 Klik voor meer informatie over Kooiman Engineering
 Neem contact op met Kooiman Marine Group
 Fugro expands its USV fleet with the development of the &lsquo;Blue Prism&trade;' for autonomous and sustainable geophysical surveys
 Fugro has signed a contract with Kooiman Engineering and Van Oossanen Naval Architects
 for the naval design of Blue Prism&trade;, Fugro's
 next generation of uncrewed surface vessels (USVs). Specifically engineered for operations in both coastal and offshore environments, the Blue Prism &trade; will combine an ultra-low carbon footprint with high quality data collection, weather resilience and endurance characteristics. 
 Available to clients in 2023, Fugro's Blue Prism&trade; will acquire bathymetry and sub-bottom data of the highest accuracy using hull mounted sensors, whilst also having the ability to tow multiple geophysical sensors. Capable of beyond line of sight operations, it will be the first low carbon autonomous vessel to combine these advanced vessel characteristics and sensors. Together with Fugro's smart data management software, the speed and endurance of the Blue Prism will reduce risk and accelerate project delivery in offshore wind, hydrographic charting and coastal resilience.
 Perry van Oossanen, Managing Director and Naval Architect at Van Oossanen Naval Architects, said: &ldquo;We are thrilled to be part of this exciting project in which the best technics in Dutch ship building are combined in this new uncrewed ultra-efficient vessel. To re-think the design and lay-out of a vessel without a crew is a dream come true for a naval architect.&rdquo;
 Maarten Kooiman, Director of Kooiman Engineering, said: &ldquo;The collaboration between Kooiman and Van Oossanen has already led to innovative solutions, and we are pleased to be able to help Fugro take the next step in unmanned vessels.&rdquo;
 Frank Koopman, Fugro's Global Director Marine Site Characterisation, said: &ldquo;Autonomous vessels play an important role in the future of the maritime survey sector by improving safety, reducing carbon emissions, and delivering high quality data more efficiently. We chose to work with Kooiman Engineering and Van Oossanen Naval Architects because of their extensive track record in innovative ship design and hydrodynamics and we look forward to working with them on this exiting project as we are determined to grow our fleet of USVs for safer, more sustainable marine operations.&rdquo;
 About Fugro
 Fugro is the world's leading Geo-data specialist, collecting and analysing comprehensive information about the Earth and the structures built upon it. Adopting an integrated approach that incorporates acquisition and analysis of Geo-data and related advice, Fugro provides solutions. With expertise in site characterisation and asset integrity, clients are supported in the safe, sustainable and efficient design, construction and operation of their assets throughout the full lifecycle.
 Employing approximately 9000 talented people in 59 countries, Fugro serves clients around the globe, predominantly in the energy, infrastructure and water industries, both offshore and onshore. In 2021, revenue amounted to EUR 1.5 billion. Fugro is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.
 Neem contact op met Kooiman Marine Group
 Werken bij Kooiman Marine Group? Bekijk onze vacatures!
 Gepubliceerd op: 4 July 2022
 Categorie: Achievements
 Terug naar overzicht
 Alle berichten
 Achievements
 Activiteiten
 Corporate
 Evenementen
 Producten
 © Kooiman Marine Group 2026 
 CONTACT
 Kooiman Marine Group
 Lindtsedijk 84
 3336LE Zwijndrecht
 (t) +31 (0)78-6100477
 MEER INFO
 Laatste nieuws
 Bij ons werken?
 Afspraak maken of
 informatie opvragen
 KMG
 Portfolio
 Missie / visie
 Structuur
 Privacybeleid
 Voorwaarden